README.md, before:

![Lifecycle:Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lifecycle-Experimental-339999)
[![](https://github.com/jpoehnelt/in-solidarity-bot/raw/main/static//badge-flat.png)](https://github.com/apps/in-solidarity)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/bcgov/citz-imb)

# CITZ IMB Monorepo

## Applications

- Software Licences and Application Management (SLAM) tool

## How to Contribute

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](Code_of_Conduct.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

### Smart Commits

This repo is connected to our on-premise JIRA server and utilizes the [Smart Commits](https://bigbrassband.com/git-integration-for-jira/documentation/smart-commits.html) functionality to update tickets.

Commits must start with the ticket number and may have the following actions (multiples ok):
- #comment
- #assign
- #label
- transition:
  - #selected-for-dev
  - #in-progress
  - #ready-for-review
  - #done
  - #cancelled

## Devcontainers
[Developing inside a Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)
 1. install [Docker for Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)
 2. install [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)
 3.

Commit message:

updated readme and start-many script

README.md, after:

![Lifecycle:Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lifecycle-Experimental-339999)
[![](https://github.com/jpoehnelt/in-solidarity-bot/raw/main/static//badge-flat.png)](https://github.com/apps/in-solidarity)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/bcgov/citz-imb)

# CITZ IMB Monorepo

## Applications and their projects

- Software Licences and Application Management (SLAM) tool
  - SLAM-APP
  - SLAM-API

## How to Contribute

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](Code_of_Conduct.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

### Smart Commits

This repo is connected to our on-premise JIRA server and utilizes the [Smart Commits](https://bigbrassband.com/git-integration-for-jira/documentation/smart-commits.html) functionality to update tickets.

Commits must start with the ticket number and may have the following actions (multiples ok):
- #comment
- #assign
- #label
- transition:
  - #selected-for-dev
  - #in-progress
  - #ready-for-review
  - #done
  - #cancelled

### Devcontainers
[Developing inside a Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)
 1. install [Docker for Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)
 2. install [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)
 3. clone repo locally
 4. open in vscode
 5. when prompted, install the recommended extensions
 6. when prompted, Reopen in Container.  May take quite a while the first time for the image to build

 The image will be built, with a volume pointing to your source code.  It will do an npm install and then start serving all projects
